[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today,
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we're with Ricardo Gonzales, a
Peruvian author and researcher
who has experienced
multiple direct contacts
with an extraterrestrial
species called the Apunians.
Today, we are talking
about alien agendas.
Ricardo, welcome to the show.
>>RICARDO GONZALEZ: Thank you.
>>EMERY: According to your
contact with the Apunians,
why is Earth so
important to them?
>>GONZALEZ: [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>>INTERPRETER: According
to the experiences
that I've had with
these beings, the Earth
is important for
extraterrestrial civilizations
who visit us because it is
a world school, a planet
laboratory, a place of learning,
a planet that, in fact, is
involved, connected
to ancient stories
of extraterrestrial origins.
>>EMERY: What is their role
in the relationship to Earth
and humanity?
>>INTERPRETER: All
experience in our world,
according to these beings,
is also related to them.
Everything that human beings
can learn on this planet
has an effect on
cosmic knowledge.
Allow me to give you an example.
They say that a child
in this universe
has three main levels
of consciousness.
Once it achieves individual
consciousness, consciousness
within itself as
a human being, it
acquires consciousness
of the Earth,
of the planet where it lives.
It represents a
conscious being who
lives in harmony with its
planet and with the resources
the planet offers them, and
so that consciousness should
be reflected in the being's
behavior with the planet
and how it administers
its resources.
It is what the ancient Peruvian
people called the consciousness
of the Pachamama, as
I mentioned before,
the consciousness
of Mother Earth.
Then there is a second
level of consciousness,
solar consciousness, when the
child not only has knowledge,
contact, and balance
with its planet,
but it also links
that consciousness
with the star that maintains
balance in its solar system.
The sun represents radiating
knowledge, sharing.
This solar
consciousness was spoken
of in some way by the
Egyptians, and also, the Incas,
and of course, many other
cultures of the world.
Our solar system
only has one star
because Jupiter did not
transform into the star
that it was supposed to become.
Usually, solar systems in
space are binary or trinary.
In other words, they
have two or three suns.
But like I said,
we only have one,
a star that is a yellow dwarf.
And that solar
consciousness also
has to do with the
connecting to the resources
and the energy of the sun.
Once a human child has
consciousness of itself,
of the planet, and of its
connection to the sun,
it moves to the next state,
which is much more elevated,
to a galactic consciousness,
where it can connect
to the nucleus of its galaxy.
According to our scientists,
in the heart of the galaxies,
there are powerful
singularities.
These singularities could
be supermassive black holes
where even light can't escape.
Or the galactic
consciousness takes humans
on a trip farther than the
nucleus of the Milky Way.
This concept that the
extraterrestrials hold
is not very different
to the one that
was made known in the 1960s,
the Soviet astrophysicist
Kardashev or Kardashev,
when he talked
about the types of
civilizations according
to their use of
energy resources.
But the Kardashev scale,
as it's known today,
which scientists
use to measure what
type of extraterrestrial
civilizations
may exist theoretically,
is different
because the
extraterrestrials speak
more about a civilization's
consciousness
than its resources.
In other words, so in order to
become a type III civilization
on the Kardashev scale, which
would be an extra planetary
civilization able to
travel in the solar system
and use resources
beyond Earth, you
need to reach the three
levels of consciousness
that the
extraterrestrials suggest.
The extraterrestrials
operating in our reality
are type III or type
IV civilizations,
and we humans currently are
just aspiring to be a type I
civilization.
That is why it's
important to understand
the extraterrestrial agenda.
Because in our own world,
we cannot have direct
interventions that may
impede our own learning.
A little help may be given,
or some sort of intervention
by these beings, but they can't
do the work for us, obviously.
In the past, when
they have attempted
to accelerate
processes on Earth,
even involving themselves
in our genetic development,
affecting or intervening in
important times in our history,
they have made mistakes.
So they decided that
our civilization
needs to walk alone,
but be watched over.
That is our role on the planet,
to learn to love and care
for it, to develop ourselves
in harmony here, and transform
ourselves into a type I
or a type II civilization
gradually through consciousness.
>>EMERY: Beautiful, Ricardo.
Are the Apunians part of
any galactic federation
or parliament that
you're aware of?
>>INTERPRETER: Of course,
extraterrestrial civilizations
are organized.
In fact, for decades
in contactism,
the term galactic
federation has been
used to describe this
extraterrestrial organization
or extraterrestrial
civilizations,
but I understand that it is a
term that is often rejected.
As a result of science
fiction TV series,
such as "Star Trek,"
or strident statements
in the media about a
federation of galactic worlds,
it sounds very strange.
"Star Trek" would be
an example of this.
There, they used the
term Galactic Federation.
So people say, oh,
that's not real.
I saw that on "Star Trek," but
the reality precedes fiction.
"Star Trek" also
showed us technology
not in existence at
that time, for example,
touch screens or devices
similar to USB pen drives,
or even holograms, which
nowadays is a reality.
I will digress in
order to explain
that not everything you see
in science fiction is fiction.
So that Galactic
Federation that appears
on "Star Trek" in
reality exists, perhaps
with other names or
other characteristics
far from human
imagination, but there is
an organized group of
extraterrestrial civilizations
operating jointly, and
in that organized group
is the civilization
of Alpha Centauri,
also known as the Apunians.
There are different groups of
extraterrestrial civilizations
with different agendas.
It's clear to me that
the beings we have met--
and I say this from
experience, my perception
from decades of contact.
Their intentions are positive.
They are fraternal.
It's as if they were part of
an anthropological mission that
is trying to learn from us
and warn us of some dangers
to our species.
And when they have referred to
some of their ancient visits
to our planet, and
when we research them
in our legends, our
myths, our history,
we've seen that
they are positive.
However, there's
also another story.
There are also myths and
legends and traditions
that talk about
other civilizations
from the heavens
that appeared not
to have such friendly
intentions with humanity,
or who had a skeptical
point of view
of our evolutionary development.
And when I asked the
beings who contact me
about these hostile behaviors
of extraterrestrials
toward humanity, they have
told me that, in fact, this
has happened.
From what I said before,
there are different agendas.
Beings who believe in us and
that our development will
positively affect
these beings, who
believe that the human race
will become some type of vaccine
for a virus that stagnates
the universe's evolution--
>>EMERY: Or are we the virus?
>>INTERPRETER: Exactly, Emery,
or that we are the virus.
Let's do an exercise.
Let's imagine that we are
extraterrestrial beings,
and we are now debating about
a species on a blue planet,
humanity, and you
show me images taken
from the history of that
humanity in which you can see
how we damage the planet,
the way in which we exploit
the resources, our wars, our
inequality, our conspiracies,
and you tell me, this
species is dangerous.
And for my opinion, I
respond, there are also
scenes of love and
compassion, that they
have overcome pain, pushed
forward, and survived, where
interesting beings have emerged,
like Mother Teresa, or Gandhi,
or Buddha, or Jesus,
or great world masters.
In the universe,
two positions were
developed, one that is prudent
and skeptical of humans, which
as humans, we interpret as dark
and fearful, wanting to destroy
us, because one thing is
how humans perceive things
and another is how
the universe works,
and the other position,
which believes in us
and has faith in us.
In other words, we're in
the middle of a chess game
where if humanity demonstrates
that it can shift its destiny
and become a conscious
civilization,
we would positively
affect the realities
of those civilizations
who preceded us.
>>EMERY: You spoke about the
Apunians and their interaction
with us.
Do you know about any other
extraterrestrial civilizations
that are interacting with us
now and what's their agenda?
>>INTERPRETER: Up
until now, I've
been referring to
a global agenda
of extraterrestrial beings where
the Apunian segment is only
a part of this movie.
The beings that we
have met in Peru
obviously have an agenda within
a bigger agenda, an agenda that
is obviously positive,
fraternal, respectful,
and like I said, part of a
bigger plan, if you will.
But within the great matrix of
these extraterrestrial agendas,
I understand that, indeed,
there are other civilizations
with their own agendas and
objectives to come to Earth
and be among us.
For example, there
are some groups
of extraterrestrial
anthropologists
who have attempted to stimulate
and impact with a message,
with information witnesses
who are highly credible,
such as important scientists,
military high command.
I think very well what
I'm talking about.
But obviously, these
witnesses do not always
dare to speak in public
about these contacts.
That's why there
is another segment
of this group of
extraterrestrial
anthropologists who have made
contact with what we call
groups with wide diffusion.
These groups with wide
diffusion have the goal
of following their
contact experiences,
making them be known,
disseminate them, disclose
them.
In other words, there
are extraterrestrial
anthropological missions who
attempt to contact humans
with highly credible witnesses
and regular witnesses
so that they will widely
disseminate their testimonies.
But there are also other
extraterrestrial missions
on these agendas,
but their plans
don't even contemplate
contact with humans, zero.
They're basically scientists.
They are not seen and
they work in silence.
They research our
oceans, our lakes.
They are very
interested in water.
They say that the Earth's
water is very special,
that it's the element that
links the lives of all
the creatures with
physical appearance
in all this region
of the universe.
It is an element that was
formed thanks to the stars.
When the first stars
exploded creating a marvelous
mixture in the cosmos, which was
the origin of what we call H2O,
the formula for
water, that's why
we will find many different
types of this element
throughout the universe.
But the extraterrestrials say
that the water here on Earth
is very special.
They're researching it.
They research how the
mechanism works, the nature
of these portals on our planet.
And they also use these
networks of dimensional portals
to communicate with
their home worlds.
>>EMERY: Do you think that other
extraterrestrials out there
have any alliances or
contracts with the United
States or other governments
here on planet Earth?
>>INTERPRETER: This is a
very complicated and delicate
question, Emery.
I'm unable to answer
with a resounding yes,
nor am I able to answer
with a resounding no.
I will tell you what these
beings have transmitted
to me when I've seen them
and we've had contact
and I've asked them
about these subjects.
First of all, yes,
they have had contact
with military high commands
and important scientists
in the United States
and in the Soviet Union
during the Cold War.
They also had contact with
some important officials
of the former Soviet Union
and other countries as well.
From what I understood from
Antarel's story, the being who
has been in contact
with me, it was
more of a diplomatic
contact, a first approach,
an attempt at formal
communication.
That has happened, and
it has been attempted
in even more recent
times, but these links
or these communications
have actually not prospered.
And I'm referring
to those beings
with human appearance who
have fraternal agendas
and headed up these
anthropological missions.
And secondly, I
should say, always
based on my own source of
contact, on my information,
but that rumor that spread
throughout US ufology
where it was said that
an alliance was forged
between the US military
and unpleasant-looking
extraterrestrials of
small physical stature,
saying something like,
you give us technology
and we will open up the planet
to use so that you can do
your abductions and
experiments, this
is not like an alliance between
an Argentine and an Arab.
We're talking about type
III or type IV civilizations
who are acting in our reality.
And if they intend to come and
take people and do research
or whatever, and if they
don't have an amicable agenda,
they don't have to ask
for anyone's permission.
They have the technology, the
knowledge to do as they please.
Besides, if these beings
really did their homework,
if they really
studied our history,
they know that we humans don't
follow treaties too closely.
And if we haven't kept our own
treaties, and we've had wars,
do they think we're
going to have alliances
with extraterrestrials?
What I think has
happened is another issue
which explains some reliable
military testimonies
of extraterrestrials
in military complexes.
There have been crashes
of non-human objects
on our planet, and in
some of these accidents
of non-human ships, some
extraterrestrial beings
have survived.
And according to
some testimonies,
these are some of the
beings that have been
seen in military complexes.
>>EMERY: Do you believe
the military has ever
shot down an extraterrestrial
vehicle on purpose?
>>INTERPRETER: In
reality, the majority
of extraterrestrial
crashes on our planet
were not due to human causes.
So what happened then?
I asked the beings who
contact me, what's the answer?
How did this happen?
How can this be explained?
Was there some type of
navigational failure
on their ship causing the crash?
Was it an accident?
And they answered, there was
an external factor, not human.
There was a confrontation
with other beings.
I know that what I'm
saying sounds crazy,
but they explained
this story to me
that is within these
extraterrestrial agendas.
As we said, there's an
extraterrestrial group
with fraternal intentions.
Human learning and development
on Earth is important.
And it was that group of
fraternal extraterrestrial
civilizations who established
a type of quarantine
to protect the planet.
This quarantine was much
stricter in the 1940s.
Ever since we
started to experiment
with dimensional portals
and we split the atom,
we sent a dangerous
signal to the universe.
And creatures that are very
scientific, we could say,
very cold, very rational,
came to Earth to see what
was happening with the human
race that was experimenting
with dangerous things.
So we had shown ourselves,
introduced ourselves
to the universe with a
terrible calling card.
So the creatures that started
approaching the planet more
were coming with that idea of
those intentions, if you will.
They're not creatures that
have had a great deal of ethics
or emotions.
And I'm describing
that in human terms.
So when they manifested
themselves in our reality
in the middle of the
quarantine established
by the fraternal
extraterrestrial organization,
there were clashes,
there were battles.
And that's why the ships that
have crashed on our planet
are the ships that have
been shot down by those who
protect us and take care of us.
One pattern with all
of the ships that
have crashed in our world is
that in the majority of cases,
they're the same
type of creatures,
small creatures with quite a
large face, a very large head,
with large, very dark eyes, and
they don't have a belly button.
They're like biological robots.
>>EMERY: So there is a war going
on between extraterrestrials,
and these craft that
have crashed into Earth
have been shot down by good
or bad extraterrestrials?
>>INTERPRETER: Yes.
In fact, the ships that have
been shot down on our planet
have been shot down by other
extraterrestrial beings,
but by those who protect us,
those who take care of us
with this quarantine.
But this quarantine that was
implemented a long time ago
in our world was so
that we would not
have major interventions from
other extraterrestrial beings
on our planet so
that we may culminate
our process through our
own merit as a species.
This quarantine has
other purposes as well.
It was not only made so
that something couldn't come
in and hurt us, but it's also
made so that we cannot leave.
Many people ask
me, well, if this
is the case, what
about what you talked
about in other interviews about
the trip to Alpha Centauri,
because if a human mission
travels in the future
to Alpha Centauri, they have
to leave the solar system
and travel 4 light years.
What the extraterrestrials
say is that everything
is going to change with a
scientific discovery, when
humanity discovers
the Minius, this issue
of the divine particle, the
particle of God, the Minius,
is a big part of the
extraterrestrial agenda.
Then the quarantine
will cease to exist
because we will break protocol.
Our scientific finding
will make us grow suddenly.
We will not need
to be watched over.
The heavens will be open
for anyone to go in or out.
That's why some scientific
findings are dangerous until we
as a species are already
through consciousness.
>>EMERY: When we do
get to this particle,
will we be at the right
consciousness level to travel?
>>INTERPRETER: Yes.
If we discover this particle
before nothing, this holy grail
of physics, through
consciousness,
a new universe will
open up for us.
It will allow us to
understand everything
that we've been talking about
in these interviews, Emery,
the dimension of portals,
the tissue of creation,
why we exist, why
we chose the Earth.
Because when we talk about
extraterrestrial contact
and technology, we're really
just scratching the surface.
>>EMERY: You speak
of the particle.
The question is, how did we
receive this information?
Because we're obviously
not that smart enough to
do it ourselves.
>>INTERPRETER: The answer
is also very complex, Emery.
Obviously, this race to find
the particle before nothing
is not just intuition
of human science.
There are also leaks from
extraterrestrial entities
so that we may find it.
I feel quite some
strange talking
about this on television.
Sometimes, it's hard
for me to discern
what I should say publicly
and what I shouldn't,
not because it's a secret,
but because of the seriousness
of the subject, no?
But I think the time
has come to tell all,
and in time, things
will fall into place.
One of the
extraterrestrial leaks
did not have good intentions,
because to accelerate
our discovery of the
particle before it's time is
dangerous for us.
It is a way of
sabotaging our process
and a way of breaking the
protocol of the quarantine.
The extraterrestrials of the
alliance, as I call them,
I mean those with
friendly intentions,
they attempt to
bring consciousness
to the meaning of
this scientific race
to find that
particle, the Minius.
I traveled to CERN in
Switzerland to research
the particle accelerator.
And without going into
detail, because I can't, I
spoke to a CERN official who
disclosed to me that, indeed,
they have made findings
about other worlds,
interdimensional
realities that have not
been published or disclosed.
In other words, the
search for the Minius
is being done through
big hadron colliders.
And finally, I will say
that I was also told there
by this source at CERN that
the accelerators will not only
be placed in the United States,
in Europe, or in first world
countries, as they're known,
but there's also a big project
to establish one in the
Atacama Desert in Chile.
>>EMERY: Are you aware of any
extraterrestrial alliances
with the cabal?
And if so, are
there also alliances
that are supporting the cabal
or maybe fighting the cabal?
>>INTERPRETER: The
situation that you bring up
varies quite a bit, Emery.
There really aren't specific
alliances between humanity
and extraterrestrial
beings due to the reasons
that I explained
a few minutes ago.
What does exist are
influences, which
is something very different.
Today, many
researchers are talking
about a secret
government or a cabal
or a great human
conspiracy on Earth.
These conspiracy theories
lay responsibility
on this cabal or the deep state
for everything that happens
in our world in geopolitics.
What I can tell you is that
there are many distortions
and exaggerations in this
information that's circulating,
but behind all that fog,
there is some truth.
There is a power
behind the power.
Those of us who
research UFO phenomena
and have lived
contact experiences
know that when attempts have
been made to hide evidence,
tamper with
witnesses, misinform.
This is why I have no doubt
that non-human entities
of extraterrestrial
origin that have
skeptical intentions
for human beings,
they try to push, influence,
and act upon these groups that
are in power, the power
that is behind the power.
>>EMERY: How do we know who's
influencing who for the greater
good of humanity and the Earth?
>>INTERPRETER: I think that the
great masters in human history
taught this perfectly.
A tree is known for its fruits,
and all non-human influence
that is in contact
with us doesn't
have to destroy your
life, nor should it
lead you to do things
that you don't want to do.
It's one thing for a
person who has had contact
to go through a crisis because
the experience was so intense.
All contact witnesses
have gone through that.
It's inevitable.
But I'm talking
about something else.
I'm talking about a
sustained influence that
leads you to be
disruptive to yourself
and to others, that pushes
you or forces you to do things
that you don't want to do.
If you plant apples, you
cannot harvest bananas.
With the experiences,
with the results,
you realize what you are
hearing, what phenomena
you are living through.
>>EMERY: What was the
extraterrestrials' role
in evolving human life, number
one, and was life on Earth
created or influenced
by advanced beings?
>>INTERPRETER: As we can
see, extraterrestrials' role
has been very close
to the human race,
because all of these contacts
and all of these groups
that we are analyzing
have not just
been involved very recently,
but from the very beginning
of the Earth, since before
we human beings were here.
This makes us delve
quite deep into some
of the extraterrestrial
information,
into this great agenda or great
plan that they are part of.
They say that first,
the planet was chosen.
It was a type of
experiment where
a new species could achieve
new horizons of evolution.
It had to be a planet located
in a solar system that
had only one star, according
to these beings' protocols.
They call them planets
with blue aura.
And our world is a planet with
a blue aura with only one star.
According to this
extraterrestrial concept,
it is a laboratory world
with a great potential
for diverse life.
So with their technology,
they helped nature to prosper.
For example, they
may have influenced
the oceans that were acidic to
quickly become more alkaline,
and plant in them
patterns of life
that later would drive
into the types of life that
now lives on our planet.
Many scientists have
considered that life maybe
came from space or a comet or
an asteroid that impacted us,
planting life here on
Earth hundreds of millions
of years ago.
What if beings from
other worlds truly
were the ones who carefully
planted that seed on Earth
for life to emerge here?
This would mean
that maybe we humans
might be their descendants,
descendants from some action
that they fostered long ago, and
also descendants in the sense
that there was intermixing
of our ancestors
with extraterrestrials
of human appearance.
But definitely, the role
of these beings with us
is not recent, but has
been since the beginning.
>>EMERY: What is their
current agenda, then?
>>INTERPRETER: In our time,
obviously, this agenda
has evolved, this
plan for our planet.
The Earth is no longer a piece
of the sun in the cooling
process.
The dinosaurs became extinct
65 million years ago.
We humans have only been here
on Earth a few million years,
and our civilization,
according to the most
orthodox archeologists
and historians,
only began in Mesopotamia
6,000 or 7,000 years ago.
And now, we're right
here in the 21st century,
trying to colonize Mars,
to go back to the Moon.
So what is the current
stage of this plan?
To see how human beings have
developed in this blue world,
is growing in the face of
challenges and difficulties
in a phase in which
it can use technology
and how it will utilize it
in this new opportunity?
And why do I say
a new opportunity?
Because according to these
extraterrestrial beings,
there were other human
civilizations like us
that went extinct
thousands of years
ago that we don't have much
knowledge about, according
to our archeology and history,
are just legends that didn't
exist because for now,
there's no concrete proof
that they existed.
But they were human
civilizations with advanced
knowledge and technology
and they disappeared
because that technology
was put to ill use,
and following the catastrophe
that happened on the planet,
it had to start from zero.
According to the
extraterrestrials,
human beings have
historical amnesia
and we can only trace
our civilization
back a few thousand years.
They say that we
cannot fail again.
>>EMERY: Have the Apunians
shared with you anything
about the upcoming future?
>>INTERPRETER: These beings have
talked to us about many things,
about the different
possibilities
in what we call future.
They told us that
humanity was going
to face a series of
difficult processes
at this time, where we would
face climate changes that would
be more intense with time,
wars in places that have
important energy interests
for major powers, plagues
and diseases and attempting
to successfully overcome them.
Interestingly enough,
Stephen Hawking,
the important scientist
from Cambridge,
when he spoke of the need
to explore Alpha Centauri,
after we talked about our
contact and the message
that everyone knows
about, Hawking
concurred with the
extraterrestrials
in saying that a pandemic,
climate change, or impact
from an asteroid would
force us to flee Earth.
Impacts from an asteroid.
And the first thing
that we humans
say when we hear
things like this
is, this won't happen to us.
When we speak of Spanish
flu, which happened long ago
and killed close to
60 million people,
and we're talking
about 1918, and when
you analyze those circumstances
that happened on the planet,
they seem so long ago and that
they could not happen again,
like an unimaginable story.
That couldn't have happened.
It won't happen again.
This generation is
living through it now.
Of course, with fewer
deaths than with what
we call the Spanish flu, but
a good portion of the world
shut down, full
of fear and worry,
the economy being destroyed
in this global world,
and has taken us time to face
this pandemic or whatever.
What would happen if
we add major climate
change to this, that would
affect our resources, our food?
All these things
are happening now.
And the extraterrestrials
that are in contact
with us had already warned
us that between 2020 and 2027
were going to be key
years for our species,
almost like a trial,
like a final test
to see how we would react if
we're able to survive in peace,
in consciousness, and
build a better future.
So in these seven years that
we're going through right now,
according to the space of time
that these extraterrestrial
beings transmitted to me so that
we may analyze ourselves, learn
and change, this is
a great opportunity
to transform
ourselves or to fall.
When the Black Plague
occurred that we all
remember from the
Middle Ages, it
was one of the turning
points that later brought
an end to the Middle Ages.
And when the Middle Ages
ended, the Renaissance
began that made Florence,
Italy this epicenter
of new arts and human thought.
When World War I ended and the
Spanish flu that I mentioned,
we attempted to
recover from that.
We founded the League of
Nations, the predecessor
of the United Nations.
And the famous
Roaring '20s began,
with people experimenting
with fashion, fun, dance.
You will recall this
especially here in US history.
Of course, there were also
dramatic moments, those times
of our civilization.
But in these circumstances
that we are in now,
we need to have a new
time of Renaissance.
The extraterrestrials
insist that they
see this as an opportunity.
Just like the Renaissance
was a transition
between in the Middle Ages
and the modern age, right now,
these seven years have
to be the transition
to open a new space age, a
space age that has to be based,
as we've discussed,
Emery, on consciousness.
We should not waste
this opportunity.
There's an interesting detail
that I would like to share.
I've been talking about
this for many years.
It's in several documentaries
on TV, in my books.
You know that here,
in the United States,
a countdown clock was
set up in New York
City in the middle of
Manhattan, a climate clock,
marking the point of no return,
the deadline, the year 2027.
And they put it there
in New York City
right in front of our nose.
The United Nations models also
specify the year 2025 to 2027
for action to be taken.
If not, we're in for trouble.
So we're living in the years
of great transformation,
the great change.
And we have to face
it without fear,
because fear will control you.
>>EMERY: Ricardo,
fascinating information.
Thank you so much for
being on the show.
>>GONZALEZ: Thank
you so much, Emery.
>>EMERY: I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[MUSIC PLAYING]